README.md, before:

# odd-duck

cf20111-odd duck

November 6, 2023:

- Inital commit
- Copied John's HTML from demo to define structure
- Added all assets from Seattle Code Fellows repository
- Used John's JS file from demo as a guide to write apps.js code
- Used ChatGPT to write View Results feature
- Matched webpage design with wireframe example
- Used [Grid Layout tool](https://grid.layoutit.com/) to create grid format and code
- Validated with lab11 instructions for full project functionality
- [Lighthouse Score](lighthouse/lab11-lighthouse.PNG)
- Added transform property to reduce overall webpage size

November 7, 2023:

- Added bar chart that displays number of times an image was seen and number of times an images was clicked
- Could not figure out the algorithm to ensure the same image is not displayed on two subsequent iterations. I tried putting used pictures into a used pictures array, then after 2 clicks, restore those images back into the pictures array for future iterations

November 8, 2023:

- Worked with Chris A. to prevent two subsequent iterations from displaying. He shared his code with me and explained how to use the set function to store used pictures into a set then return the pictures so they are available for use again.
- Tried to implement code for local storage but could not figure it out. Need to revist class demo for proper steps and insights

November 9, 2023:

- Used Jessica H. code during code review as reference to write load and store functions. I think the functionality is working, however there is now a bug that prevents the images to properly render on the webpage.

November 10, 2023:

- Fixed load and store functionality. App will save views and votes between load refreshes.
- Updated some CSS to prevent chart from expanding too large and centered images within grid container
- [Updated Lighthouse Score](lighthouse/updatedlighthouse.PNG)

Commit message:

updated read me with about me

README.md, after:

# odd-duck

cf20111-odd duck

About: Odd Ducks Products has invested in a web application to determine their next line of product. This application will render a set of randomized images and users can vote on which image they think should be the next product brought to market. The user can vote 25 times and the app prevents the user from seeing identical images without a duplicate set to prevent bias responses. After the votes are complete, the app will display the number of times an image was voted for and the number of times the image was seen via a bar chart and rendered text. The app will save votes and seen data throughout the entirety of it's life.

Change page:

November 6, 2023:

- Inital commit
- Copied John's HTML from demo to define structure
- Added all assets from Seattle Code Fellows repository
- Used John's JS file from demo as a guide to write apps.js code
- Used ChatGPT to write View Results feature
- Matched webpage design with wireframe example
- Used [Grid Layout tool](https://grid.layoutit.com/) to create grid format and code
- Validated with lab11 instructions for full project functionality
- [Lighthouse Score](lighthouse/lab11-lighthouse.PNG)
- Added transform property to reduce overall webpage size

November 7, 2023:

- Added bar chart that displays number of times an image was seen and number of times an images was clicked
- Could not figure out the algorithm to ensure the same image is not displayed on two subsequent iterations. I tried putting used pictures into a used pictures array, then after 2 clicks, restore those images back into the pictures array for future iterations

November 8, 2023:

- Worked with Chris A. to prevent two subsequent iterations from displaying. He shared his code with me and explained how to use the set function to store used pictures into a set then return the pictures so they are available for use again.
- Tried to implement code for local storage but could not figure it out. Need to revist class demo for proper steps and insights

November 9, 2023:

- Used Jessica H. code during code review as reference to write load and store functions. I think the functionality is working, however there is now a bug that prevents the images to properly render on the webpage.

November 10, 2023:

- Fixed load and store functionality. App will save views and votes between load refreshes.
- Updated some CSS to prevent chart from expanding too large and centered images within grid container
- [Updated Lighthouse Score](lighthouse/updatedlighthouse.PNG)
